This image of Occator Crater on Ceres limb -- short exposure -- was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on August 14, 2018 from an altitude of about 1149 miles (1849 kilometers).
This image of Occator Crater on Ceres limb -- long exposure -- was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on August 14, 2018 from an altitude of about 1149 miles (1849 kilometers).
This image of mass wasting features along Occator Craters rim was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on August 2, 2018 from an altitude of about 130 miles (210 kilometers).
This image of deep fractures in Occator Crater was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on July 31, 2018 from an altitude of about 31 miles (50 kilometers).
This image of a fracture network on the floor of Occator Crater was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on July 26, 2018 from an altitude of about 94 miles (152 kilometers).
This image of a fracture pattern on the floor of Occator Crater was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on July 25, 2018 from an altitude of about 87 miles (140 kilometers).
This image of a large block along the ridge of Urvara Crater was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on July 24, 2018 from an altitude of about 36 miles (58 kilometers).
This image of the base of Occator Craters eastern wall next to the Vinalia Faculae was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on July 23, 2018 from an altitude of about 84 miles (135 kilometers).
This image of a complex pattern on the floor of Occator Crater was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on July 16, 2018 from an altitude of about 58 miles (93 kilometers).
This image of a detached large block from Urvara Craters rim was obtained by NASAs Dawn spacecraft on July 16, 2018 from an altitude of about 35 miles (56 kilometers).
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft of boulders along Urvara Crater's wall was obtained from an altitude of about 28 miles (45 kilometers) above Ceres' surface.
<p>This mosaic from NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft, of Cerealia Facula combines images obtained from altitudes as low as 22 miles (35 km) above Ceres&#39; surface.</p>
This artist's concept summarizes our understanding of how the inside of Ceres could be structured, based on the data returned by the NASA's Dawn mission. The most internal layer, the mantle is dominated by hydrated rocks, like clays.
This image of a fracture network in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 1, 2018 from an altitude of about 29 miles (46 kilometers).
This image of a fracture network in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 16, 2018 from an altitude of about 47 miles (76 kilometers).
This image of a fracture network in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 16, 2018 from an altitude of about 67 miles (107 kilometers).
This image of a bright crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 17, 2018 from an altitude of about 25 miles (41 kilometers).
This image of a scarp in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 3, 2018 from an altitude of about 26 miles (42 kilometers).
This image of domes and fractures in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 3, 2018 from an altitude of about 28 miles (44 kilometers).
This image of complex bright and dark material relationships in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 3, 2018 from an altitude of about 30 miles (48 kilometers).
This image of fractures across Occator Crater's floor on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 4, 2018 from an altitude of about 30 miles (48 kilometers).
This image of Urvara Crater's ridge on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 5, 2018 from an altitude of about 75 miles (121 kilometers).
This image of bright spots in a small crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 1, 2018 from an altitude of about 179 miles (288 kilometers).
This image of fractures in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 3, 2018 from an altitude of about 22 miles (35 kilometers).
This image of a wall on Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 5, 2018 from an altitude of about 26 miles (43 kilometers).
This image of a dome in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 5, 2018 from an altitude of about 32 miles (51 kilometers).
This image of complex patterns on Occator Crater's floor on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 5, 2018 from an altitude of about 32 miles (52 kilometers).
This image of a fracture pattern near Cerealia Facula on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 5, 2018 from an altitude of about 33 miles (54 kilometers).
This image of bright material in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 5, 2018 from an altitude of about 34 miles (55 kilometers).
This image of fractures in Occator Crater's floor on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 5, 2018 from an altitude of about 35 miles (57 kilometers).
This image showing detail of Urvara Crater's central ridge on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 6, 2018 from an altitude of about 72 miles (116 kilometers).
This image of Vinalia Faculae on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on July 6, 2018 from an altitude of about 36 miles (58 kilometers).
This close-up image of the Vinalia Faculae in Occator Crater on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The mapping of this region in this orbit is almost complete.
This mosaic of Cerealia Facula in Occator Crater on Ceres is based on images obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Intimate details about the relationships between bright and dark materials across the facula are revealed.
<p><span>This image of Occator Crater&#39;s northern wall was obtained by NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft on June 16, 2018 from an altitude of about 21 miles (33 kilometers).</span></p>
<p><span>This mosaic of a prominent mound located on the western side of Cerealia Facula was obtained by NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft on June 22, 2018 from an altitude of about 21 miles (34 kilometers).</span></p>
This close-up image of the Vinalia Faculae in Occator Crater on Ceres, obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 14, 2018, reveals the intricate pattern between bright and dark material across this flow feature.
This image of Occator Crater's southeastern wall and floor on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 17, 2018 from an altitude of about 22 miles (36 kilometers).
This image of a battered crater rim on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 10, 2018 from an altitude of about 25 miles (40 kilometers).
This image of a small boulder on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 10, 2018 from an altitude of about 24 miles (38 kilometers).
This image of the eastern rim of Occator Crater was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 10, 2018 from an altitude of about 22 miles (36 kilometers).
This image of a small crater north of Ceres' Datan Crater was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 9, 2018 from an altitude of about 48 miles (77 kilometers).
This image of smooth material on Ceres was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 9, 2018 from an altitude of about 41 miles (66 kilometers).
This image of landslides along Ceres' Occator Crater's eastern rim was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 9, 2018 from an altitude of about 27 miles (44 kilometers).
This image of a boulder field near Ceres' Occator Crater's eastern rim was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 9, 2018 from an altitude of about 30 miles (48 kilometers).
This image of Ceres' Occator Crater's eastern rim was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 9, 2018 from an altitude of about 30 miles (48 kilometers).
This image, obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 9, 2018, shows subtle features on Ceres from an altitude of about 33 miles (53 kilometers).
This image of Ceres' limb was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 30, 2018 from an altitude of about 280 miles (450 kilometers).
This image of was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 30, 2018 from an altitude of about 420 miles (675 kilometers). Ejecta from Haulani Crater can be seen on the right side of the image.
This image was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 30, 2018 from an altitude of about 465 miles (750 kilometers).
This image of the region between Urvara Crater's eastern rim and Yalode Crater's western rim was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 20, 2018 from an altitude of about 1070 miles (1720 kilometers).
This image of Xevioso Crater was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 16, 2018 from an altitude of about 470 miles (760 kilometers).
This image of Urvara Crater was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 20, 2018 from an altitude of about 920 miles (1480 kilometers).
This color mosaic of Dantu Crater was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 23, 2018 from an altitude of about 305 miles (490 kilometers).
This image of Juling and Kupalo Craters was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 25, 2018 from an altitude of about 855 miles (1380 kilometers).
This image of Nar Sulcus in Yalode Crater was obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 19, 2018 from an altitude of about 875 miles (1410 kilometers).
On the way to its lowest-ever and final orbit, NASA's Dawn spacecraft is observing Ceres and returning new images of the dwarf planet's surface, such as this dramatic image of Ceres' limb.
<p><span>Dwarf planet Ceres is shown in these false-color renderings, which highlight differences in surface materials.</span></p>
<p><span>This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).</span></p>
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft showing the northern part of Hanami Planum on Ceres honors the Japanese cherry blossom festival, or 'Hanami,' a long-standing Japanese tradition of welcoming spring.
<p><span>This view from NASA&rsquo;s Dawn mission shows where ice has been detected in the northern wall of Ceres&rsquo; Juling Crater, which is in almost permanent shadow.</span></p>
<p><span>This view from NASA&rsquo;s Dawn mission shows the floor of Ceres&rsquo; Juling Crater. The crater floor shows evidence of the flow of ice and rock, similar to rock glaciers in Earth&rsquo;s polar regions.</span></p>
This view from NASA's Dawn mission shows Ceres' tallest mountain, Ahuna Mons. A significant amount of sodium carbonate has been found, shown in green and red colors in the lower right image.
This view from NASA's Dawn mission shows where ice has been detected in the northern wall of Ceres' Juling Crater, which is in almost permanent shadow.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows large craters Urvara (top) and Yalode (bottom) on dwarf planet Ceres. The two giant craters were formed at different times. Urvara is about 120-140 million years old and Yalode is almost 1 billion years older.
This image taken on August 17, 2016 from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a complex set of fractures found in the southwestern region of the floor of Occator Crater on Ceres.
<p><span>This is a NASA Hubble Space Telescope color image of Ceres, the largest object in the asteroid belt.</span></p>
<p><span>NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft spotted this tall, conical mountain on Ceres from a distance of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers).</span></p>
<p><span>This map-projected view of Ceres was created from images taken by NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft during its high-altitude mapping orbit, in August and September, 2015.</span></p>
<p><span>Researchers from NASA&#39;s Dawn mission have composed the first comprehensive views of the north (left) and south pole regions (right) of dwarf planet Ceres, using images obtained by the Dawn spacecraft.</span></p>
<p><span>This view of Ceres, taken by NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft on December 10, shows an area in southern hemisphere of the dwarf planet.</span></p>
<p><span>Occator Crater, measuring 57 miles (92 kilometers) across and 2.5 miles (4 kilometers) deep, contains the brightest area on Ceres.</span></p>
<p><span>Ceres&#39; Haulani Crater, with a diameter of 21 miles (34 kilometers), shows evidence of landslides from its crater rim.</span></p>
<p><span>This image of Ceres approximates how the dwarf planet&#39;s colors would appear to the eye.</span></p>
<p><span>Occator Crater and Ahuna Mons appear together in this view obtained by NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft on February 11, 2017.</span></p>
<p><span>NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft has revealed many landslides on Ceres, which researchers interpret to have been shaped by a significant amount of water ice.</span></p>
<p><span>A simulated perspective reveals the intriguing features of Occator Crater on dwarf planet Ceres.</span></p>
<p><span>NASA&#39;s Dawn mission, together with the International Astronomical Union, established that craters on Ceres would be named for agricultural deities from all over the world, and other features would be named for agricultural festivals.</span></p>
<p><span>This orthographic projection shows dwarf planet Ceres as seen by NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft. </span></p>
This collage shows some of the most interesting geological sites that NASA's Dawn spacecraft has revealed at dwarf planet Ceres.
This image obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a subtle feature on Ceres called Kwanzaa Tholus. The rounded shape of Kwanzaa Tholus is typical of tholi.
<p><span>This is one of the most detailed views of the surface of Triton taken by Voyager 2 on its flyby of the large satellite of Neptune early in the morning of Aug. 25, 1989.</span></p>
This image obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a field of small craters next to Kokopelli Crater, seen at bottom right in this image, on dwarf planet Ceres.
This map from NASA's Dawn mission shows locations of bright material on dwarf planet Ceres. There are more than 300 bright areas, called 'faculae,' on Ceres.
<p><span>Ceres&#39; surface shows evidence for different types of flows that indicate the presence of ice in the regolith (as described in </span><a href="https://photojournal.jpl.nasa.gov/catalog/PIA21471">PIA21471</a><span>).</span></p>
<p>NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft successfully observed Ceres at opposition on April 29, 2017, taking images from a position exactly between the sun and Ceres&#39; surface.</p>
<p>This pair of images shows color-coded maps from NASA&#39;s Dawn mission, revealing the highs and lows of topography on the surface of dwarf planet Ceres.</p>
<p>This enhanced color image of Ceres&#39; surface was made from data obtained on April 29, 2017, when NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft was exactly between the sun and Ceres.</p>
<p><span>This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft on May 7, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).</span></p>
This image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Duginavi Crater, a large crater on Ceres. Duginavi hosts the small Oxo Crater, recognizable by its bright rim and ejecta.
This image made with data from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows pit chains on dwarf planet Ceres called Samhain Catenae.
This image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Emesh, a crater on Ceres. Emesh, named after the Sumerian god of vegetation and agriculture, located at the edge of the Vendimia Planitia.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took these images of dwarf planet Ceres. The map overlaid on the right gives scientists hints about Ceres' internal structure.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a group of craters, left of center, that resembles a rubber duck. The 'head' is dubbed Halki Crater, the 'Body' Telepinu Crater, the 'beak' crater is unnamed.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft highlights Axomama Crater, the small crater shown to the right of center; its sharp edges indicate recent emplacement by a small impact.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image of Xevioso Crater on Oct. 15, 2015. Xevioso is located in the vicinity of Ahuna Mons, the tall, lonely mountain seen toward the bottom of the picture.
This image high-resolution image of Juling Crater on Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, reveals, in exquisite detail, features on the rims and crater floor.
This image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft presents two small craters on Ceres, located in the vicinity of Toharu Crater. Juling appears at the top and Kupalo at bottom. Both craters are relatively young, as indicated by their sharp rims.
This image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a region located next to the northwestern rim of Urvara Crater on Ceres. This terrain displays a rugged texture also found within Urvara.
Haulani Crater is one of the youngest craters on Ceres, as evidenced by its sharp rims and bright, bluish material in this enhanced color composite topographic map from NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
This close-up view of Hakumyi crater, as seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, provides insight into the origin of the small crater and lobe-shaped flow next to its southern rim.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image of Hakumyi Crater on Ceres, visible left of center. Evidence for organics was also found at the 4-mile (6.5 kilometer) wide fresh crater on the southern rim of Hakumyi.
This view of the northern portion of Yalode is one of many images NASA's Dawn spacecraft has taken. The large impact that formed the crater likely involved a lot of heat, explaining the relatively smooth crater floor punctuated by smaller craters.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Dantu Crater. The numerous bright spots found across the crater suggest bright material may be just below the surface, exposed through small impacts and landslides.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the largest crater on Ceres, called Kerwan. Kerwan is very relaxed and looks like a pancake especially when viewed near Ceres' limb.
This view obtained by NASA's Dawn spacecraft during its Survey orbit illustrates the diversity and complexity of Ceres' geology.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the northeastern rim of Urvara Crater on Ceres at lower left. To the right of the crater, the long, narrow feature that appears to jut out toward the north is called Pongal Catena.
The 16-mile-wide (26-kilometer-wide) crater Insitor is located almost exactly in the center of Kerwan crater on Ceres, as seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image of Ceres' south polar region on May 17, 2017. Ceres appears as a crescent as Dawn is on the night side of the dwarf planet.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this picture as it reached its new orbit to observe Ceres in opposition, when Dawn is directly between the sun and the Occator Crater bright spots.
Inamahari Crater on Ceres, the large well-defined crater at the center of this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, is one of the sites where scientists have discovered evidence for organic material.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this picture on its way to a new orbit, at an altitude of about 30,000 miles (48,300 kilometers), as part of a series of images intended to help the navigation of the spacecraft relative to Ceres.
This image taken on August 15, 2016, shows the eastern part of a feature called Nar Sulcus in Yalode Crater on dwarf planet Ceres, as seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
This frame from an animation from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows how the illumination of Ceres' northern hemisphere varies with the dwarf planet's axial tilt, or obliquity.
NASA's Dawn mission has found that craters on Ceres show a diversity of shapes that provide important clues about the structure of Ceres' subsurface; shown here is Fejokoo, a polygonal crater.
This 3-D image, or anaglyph, shows the center of Occator Crater, the brightest area on dwarf planet Ceres, using data from NASA's Dawn mission. The bright central area, including a dome that is 0.25 miles (400 meters) high, is called Cerealia Facula.
This enhanced color composite image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft's visible and infrared mapping spectrometer shows the area around Ernutet Crater on Ceres. The instrument detected the evidence of organic materials in this area.
This enhanced color composite image, made with data from the framing camera aboard NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the area around Ernutet crater. The bright red portions appear redder with respect to the rest of Ceres.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Oct. 17, 2016, captures the day-night boundary, or terminator, in the north polar region of Ceres. The north pole itself, which lies just slightly left of center in this view, is barely sunlit.
On Oct. 24, 2016, NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured the low angle of illumination bringing this pair of nested craters near Ceres' south pole into sharp relief.
The 6-mile-wide (10-kilometer-wide) Oxo Crater stands out on the dark landscape of Ceres in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
Ikapati Crater on Ceres is seen at top right in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Oct. 24, 2016. Ikapati has a complex of central peaks and roughly parallel fractures on its floor.
This view, taken on Oct. 26, 2016, from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Meanderi Crater on Ceres, seen at lower right. Meanderi hosts several medium-sized craters within its walls.
This view, taken on Oct. 22, 2016, from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the rim of Yalode Crater on Ceres at upper left. Yalode is one of the largest impact basins on Ceres.
This view, taken on Oct. 22, 2016, from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the craters Kondos and Jarimba on Ceres. Jarimba is the largest crater, located at left. Above Jarimba, on the left-hand edge of the image, is Kondos.
This graphic of an enhanced color image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a theoretical path of a water molecule on Ceres.
This frame from an animation from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a crater in the northern polar region of Ceres that is partly in shadow year-round, where bright water ice deposits have been observed in several craters.
This frame from an animation shows dwarf planet Ceres overlaid with the concentration of hydrogen determined from data acquired by the gamma ray and neutron detector (GRaND) instrument aboard NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
This frame from a video captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a flyover of the intriguing crater named Occator on dwarf planet Ceres. Occator is home to Ceres' brightest area.
This view, taken on Oct. 21, 2016, from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Megwomets Crater on Ceres. Megwomets is the largest crater in this image, at right of center.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows part of the southwestern rim of Yalode Crater on Ceres. Yalode is one of the largest impact basins on Ceres. A great deal of material has slumped down the walls of the crater. a phenomenon called mass wasting.
This scene captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Oct. 21, 2016, from Ceres' northern hemisphere shows part of the rim of Dantu Crater, at top right. Rao Crater is the largest crater in the bottom left corner of the image.
Dantu Crater on Ceres, at top center, is featured in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Oct. 21, 2016. A small crater located around the 5 o'clock position within Dantu is called Centeotl.
This scene viewed by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Oct. 20, 2016, from Ceres features terrain near the rim of the large crater named Kerwan, at lower left. A much smaller, fresher crater called Cacaguat is seen in the lower right corner.
Ceres' Ezinu Crater is seen at top right in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Oct. 21, 2016. The crater features a network of canyon-like features.
Part of Ezinu Crater on Ceres is seen at top left in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Oct. 20, 2016. The crater features a network of canyon-like features.
This view of dwarf planet Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Kaikara Crater, the largest impact crater in this image taken on Oct. 20, 2016.
This northern hemisphere scene from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on Oct. 20, 2016, features Ceres' Messor Crater, exhibiting a flow feature from the collapse of the rim of an adjacent crater.
Sunlit cliffs tower above Yalode Crater on Ceres in this shadowy perspective view. At 152 miles, Yalode is one of Ceres' largest craters. A fissure called Nar Sulcus is seen just right of center. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on Oct. 19, 2016.
This southern hemisphere scene from dwarf planet Ceres encompasses parts of the craters Mondamin and Darzamat. Mondamin is large crater located in the top half of image, Darzamat is at bottom-right. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on Oct. 19, 2016.
Sintana Crater is seen on the left side of this image of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacercraft. The crater's central peak casts a shadow over its western flank. At lower right, the rim of Darzamat peeks into view.
In this densely cratered area of Ceres, NASA's Dawn spacecraft spotted Tupo Crater, with its complex, hummocky interior, at center right. A portion of the rim of Darzamat Crater appears with dark shadows at lower left.
Kerwan Crater, at 174 miles (280 kilometers) in diameter is the largest crater that NASA's Dawn has discovered on Ceres. A portion of its jagged rim runs from the top left to bottom center of this image.
This image shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of Ceres, as seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Cozobi Crater is the sharply defined impact feature at top left. At far right is Victa Crater. Abellio Crater is sharply defined crater with a central peak.
NASA's Dawn took this image on Oct. 17 showing the limb of dwarf planet Ceres shows a section of the northern hemisphere. A shadowy portion of Occator Crater can be seen at the lower right.
Occator Crater, home of Ceres' intriguing brightest areas, is prominently featured in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
Zadeni Crater on Ceres is featured in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. This large southern-hemisphere crater is 79.5 miles (128 kilometers) in diameter and is named for an ancient Georgian god of bountiful harvest.
The craters Takel and Cozobi are featured in this image of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Takel is the young crater with bright material on the left of this image, and Cozobi is the sharply defined crater just below center.
This image, taken on Oct. 18, 2016 from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Occator Crater on Ceres, with its signature bright areas. The central bright spot, which harbors the brightest material on Ceres, is believed by scientists to contain a variety of salts.
On Oct. 18, 2016, from its second extended-mission science orbit (or XMO2), at a distance of about 920 miles (1,480 kilometers) above the surface of Ceres, NASA's Dawn spacecraft spied Azacca Crater.
Oxo Crater and its surroundings are featured in this image of Ceres' surface from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Oct. 18, 2016.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft features a lobe-shaped flow feature in Ghanan Crater on Ceres. The flow feature is a place where a crater rim has collapse and material has flowed across the surface.
Relatively young craters, with sharp crater rims and streaks of bright material, are the focus of this view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on Oct. 17, 2016.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows Azacca Crater (31 miles, 50 kilometers wide) at top left, with its prominent set of north-south trending fractures. Dawn took this image on Oct. 17, 2016.
The small, bright crater Oxo on Ceres is featured in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Oct. 17, 2016. Oxo (6 miles, 10 kilometers in diameter) is located at mid-latitudes on Ceres and likely has water ice.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows cratered terrain just south of the equator of Ceres. Dawn took this image on June 15, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on June 13, 2016, shows terrain at the equator of Ceres. The image is centered at 0 degrees latitude, 291 degrees east longitude.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on June 13, 2016, shows cratered terrain to the west of Ahuna Mons. In this area there are chains of craters called Uhola Catenae.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the edge of Ikapati crater on Ceres, at upper right. Dawn took this image on June 12, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This image. taken on June 12, 2016, from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows dimly lit, cratered terrain on Ceres. Bright streaks of material are visible on one section of the crater wall (at bottom), and near the top of its central peak.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on June 12, 2016, shows terrain on Ceres covered by ejecta from a nearby impact, which has smoothed the appearance of older features.
This image, taken on June 10, 2016 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows cratered terrain on Ceres. Dawn took this image from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the edge of Ezinu Crater on Ceres. Dawn took this image on June 10, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Kondos Crater on Ceres. Dawn took this image on June 10, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a portion of Ikapati Crater on Ceres. Dawn took this image on June 10, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a series of linear features, which are depressions that located within the large Yalode Crater on Ceres.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken June 8, 2016, shows an area within Ezinu Crater on Ceres. Ezinu, which is 72 miles wide, was named for the Sumerian goddess of grain. Part of the crater's eastern rim is visible along the right side.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken June 7, 2016, shows part of Lono Crater (at bottom) within the giant Yalode impact basin on Ceres.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on June 6, 2016, features bright material (at upper left) along the rim of the giant crater named Kerwan (174 miles, 280 kilometers wide) on Ceres.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on June 6, 2016, shows an area of Ceres that includes a small, bright crater.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a crater at upper right with a sharply defined rim. To its left is an older impact crater whose features have been softened by a blanket of material, likely ejected from a nearby impact.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on June 6, 2016, shows an area within the large crater Mondamin (78 miles, 126 kilometers wide) on Ceres.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on June 6, 2016, shows Piuku Crater (19 miles, 31 kilometers wide), bottom, on Ceres.
NASA's Dawn took this image on June 17, 2016, of Tibong Crater (22 miles, 36 kilometers wide), at left, on Ceres.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft views Oxo Crater (6 miles, 10 kilometers wide) in this view from Ceres, taken on June 4, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
NASA's Dawn took this image on June 3, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface. This view shows terrain located at approximately 60 degrees north latitude on Ceres.
This view, taken on June 3, 2016, from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an area within the floor of the Mondamin impact basin, which lies in the southern hemisphere of Ceres. Mondamin Crater is about 78 miles (126 kilometers) in diameter.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft spied Achita Crater on Ceres in this view captured on June 3, 2016, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface. Achita is named for a Nigerian god of agriculture and is 25 miles (40 kilometers) wide.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft views a portion of the northern rim of Urvara Crater (101 miles, 163 kilometers wide) in this scene from Ceres taken on June 3, 2016, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an area in the interior of Yalode Crater on Ceres. Yalode is one of the largest impact basins on Ceres, with a diameter of 160 miles (260 kilometers).
NASA's Dawn spacecraft views Kupalo Crater in this view of Ceres. Kupalo, which measures 16 miles (26 kilometers) across and is located at southern mid-latitudes, is named for the Slavic god of vegetation and harvest.
The interior of Urvara Crater (101 miles, 163 kilometers wide) is featured in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on June 2, 2016 at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
The interior of Urvara Crater (101 miles, 163 kilometers wide) is featured in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on June 2, 2016 at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This artist's rendering shows NASA's Dawn spacecraft maneuvering above Ceres with its ion propulsion system. Dawn arrived into orbit at Ceres on March 6, 2015, and continues to collect data about the mysterious and fascinating world.
This topographical map of Ceres, made with images from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows all of the dwarf planet's named features as of September 2016. Dawn celebrated nine years since launch on September 27, 2016.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captures part of the northern rim of Urvara Crater (101 miles, 163 kilometers wide). obtained on June 2, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft views Abellio Crater (20 miles, 32 kilometers wide) on Ceres in this image. Dawn took this image on June 2, 2016, from its low-altitude mapping orbit, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain in the northern hemisphere of Ceres, near Jarovit Crater. This image was taken on June 2, 2016, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the rim of Dantu Crater (78 miles, 125 kilometers wide). This image was taken on June 2, 2016.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained this view of Laukumate Crater (19 miles, 30 kilometers wide) on Ceres on June 2, 2016. Laukumate is named for a Latvian goddess of agriculture.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows cratered terrain on the edge of the giant crater Yalode. This image was taken on June 1, 2016.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, captured on June 1, 2016, shows Rongo Crater, located near Ceres' equator.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, captured on June 1, 2016, shows terrain on Ceres directly south of Kupalo Crater. The area is blanketed by smooth ejecta from Kupalo.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on June 6, 2016, shows Takel Crater (at top left) on Ceres. Takel is 14 miles (22 kilometers) wide and exhibits streaks of bright material on its walls.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured on June 1, 2016, shows an older crater on Ceres that is smoothly blanketed by ejecta from the nearby, relatively young crater named Kupalo.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows cratered terrain on Ceres, centered at 10 degrees south latitude, 197 degrees east longitude.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows part of Kaikara Crater (45 miles, 72 kilometers wide) on Ceres. The image is centered at 41 degrees north latitude, 226 degrees east longitude.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows cratered terrain at 59 degrees north latitude, 89 degrees east longitude on Ceres, just east of the large crater named Omonga.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on May 30, 2016, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface, shows the center of Gaue Crater (52 miles or 84 kilometers wide) on Ceres.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on May 29, 2016, shows terrain on Ceres centered at approximately 41 degrees north latitude, 308 degrees east longitude. Several features in this view display streaks and patches of bright material.
This view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 29, 2016, shows craters just south of the large impact basin named Ghanan.
The small bright crater Oxo, 6 miles (10 kilometers) wide, is seen in this perspective view view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The elevation has been exaggerated by a factor of two.
<p>Ceres&#39; lonely mountain Ahuna Mons is seen in this simulated perspective view from NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft. The elevation has been exaggerated by a factor of two.</p>
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on May 29, 206, shows part of the floor and eastern rim on Consus Crater (40 miles or 64 kilometers wide) on Ceres.
This view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on May 29, 2016, features a small crater at upper left that adjoins Messor Crater.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on May 29, 2016, shows the southern rim of Gaue Crater on Ceres.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on May 29, 2016, shows the eastern rim of Gaue Crater on Ceres.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain on Ceres centered at approximately 34 degrees south latitude, 266 degrees east longitude -- between the large basins named Urvara and Yalode.
An area along the rim of the crater at the center of this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, has collapsed, producing a lobe-shaped feature where the material settled.
The cone-shaped central peak of a Cerean crater casts a long shadow in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on May 28, 2016 from its low-altitude mapping orbit above Ceres at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft spied this relatively smooth area of Ceres' surface, which includes the feature named Dalien Tholus, a dome-shaped feature visible in top right quadrant of the image.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured this tortured landscape just south of Ghanan Crater on Ceres on May 28, 2016, at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured this view on May 28, 2016, showing a relatively young crater with smooth walls and a sharp rim. The crater has a prominent central ridge, imprinted upon the rim of the larger Datan Crater, lying toward the lower right.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained this view of shadowed craters near Ceres' north pole at a distance of about 240 miles (385 kilometers) above the surface on May 28, 2016.
This view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the rim of Sintana Crater (36 miles, 58 kilometers wide) was taken on May 27, 2016.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain on Ceres centered at approximately 37 degrees south latitude, 51 degrees east longitude.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft looked down on Ceres' equatorial region to capture this view of intensely cratered terrain. The image is centered at approximately 3 degrees south latitude, 267 degrees east longitude, just south of Kimis Crater.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows peaks in the center of Dantu Crater (78 miles, 125 kilometers) on Ceres. Dantu is named for a Ghanan god associated with the planting of corn.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain near the center of the crater Vinotonus in Ceres' northern hemisphere. Vinotonus is named for a Celtic god of vines known from Britain.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft looked northward toward the limb of Ceres to capture this scene, with Rao Crater (7 miles, 12 kilometers) at bottom.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image of Rao Crater (7 miles, 12 kilometers) at center left. on May 30, 2016.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft views a crater at top center that touches the rim of Messor Crater (25 miles, 40 kilometers), shown at left.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an unnamed impact feature that lies on the northern rim of Chaminuka Crater in Ceres' southern hemisphere.
This view taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 17, 2016, features Liber Crater in Ceres' northern hemisphere, at right.
This artist's concept shows a diagram of how the inside of Ceres could be structured, based on data about the dwarf planet's gravity field from NASA's Dawn mission.
This view, taken on June 17, 2016 from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the rim of Ernutet Crater (32 miles, 52 kilometers in diameter) on Ceres.
The low angle of sunlight creates stark shadows in this Cerean scene. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 17, 2016.
This view taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 17, 2016 from Ceres' northern hemisphere shows parts of Datan Crater (at left) and Geshtin Crater (at right).
Terrain shown in this view from Ceres lies within the large, southern hemisphere impact basin named Zadeni. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 17, 2016.
The scene shows a complex of craters in mid-southern latitudes on Ceres, just west of the peaks known as Niman Rupes. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 15, 2016.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 7, 2016, showing a small crater within the larger southern hemisphere crater named Mondamin on Ceres.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain in the southern hemisphere of Ceres. Most of the image is the impact crater named Annona (37 miles, 60 kilometers across); the smaller, prominent crater at upper left is unnamed.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on Feb. 4, 2016, showing a double impact feature at high northern latitudes on Ceres, just south of the large crater named Ghanan.
Liber Crater is featured at lower left in this image from Ceres. Named for the Roman god of agriculture, Liber is 14 miles (23 kilometers). NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 16, 2016.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this view from Ceres on June 16, 2016, showing Ernutet Crater (32 miles, 52 kilometers in diameter) at top.
The rim of the crater blocks sunlight coming from the right, creating a moody scene on Ceres. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 16, 2016.
A cluster of bright areas in Ceres' Occator Crater are seen in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. These areas are not as bright as the material at the center of the crater.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this moody scene on Ceres, located within Zadeni Crater, named for the ancient Georgian god of bountiful harvest. Dawn saw Zadeni at approximately 76 miles (120 kilometers) in diameter on June 15, 2016.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a portion of Homshuk Crater, left, on Ceres. This crater was named for a corn spirit originating with the Popoluca people of southern Mexico.
This image shows Sekhet Crater, at right, in a shadowy scene from Ceres. Sekhet is 25 miles wide (41 kilometers wide). NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 15, 2016. A smooth plain surrounds the smaller crater at left.
A portion of the rim of giant Yalode Crater is seen in this image of Ceres. Yalode is approximately 162 miles (260 kilometers) in diameter. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 15, 2016.
This image shows cratered terrain on dwarf planet Ceres, seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 15, 2016. The image is centered at approximately 3 degrees north latitude, 208 degrees east longitude.
This image, created using data from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows craters (blue markings) called 'cold traps'. These shadowed craters may have been collecting ice for billions of years because they are so cold.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 13, 2016, showing the limb of Ceres from above an equatorial region east of Kirnis Crater.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 13, 2016, showing the limb of Ceres from above an equatorial region east of Kirnis Crater.
A portion of the rugged rim of Occator Crater is seen in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Occator, a young crater approximately 80 million years old.
Two overlapping, unnamed craters with long shadows are seen high in the northern hemisphere of Ceres, captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on April 21, 2016.
Cratered terrain in the northern hemisphere of Ceres is seen in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The scene is dotted with small impacts among larger, more ancient craters.
The inset perspective view from NASA's Dawn space of Ceres' bright spot Occator Crator is overlaid with data concerning the composition. Red signifies a high abundance of carbonates, while gray indicates a low carbonate abundance.
Smooth terrain around the western rim of Ikapati Crater on Ceres is visible in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The area contains material ejected from Ikapati during its formation.
This image shows the rim of Ikapati Crater on Ceres, which lies in the dwarf planet's northern hemisphere. Groupings of roughly parallel, narrow, linear fractures can be seen inside and outside the crater.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft features the rugged rim of Occator Crater at left. A number of thin fractures are visible, roughly parallel to the rim.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft imaged this terrain, adjacent to Occator Crater on Ceres, which is immediately to the left of this view. This relatively smooth, lightly cratered area is part of the ejecta blanket of Occator.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows impact craters near Ceres' equator where material from the rim of one crater has apparently collapsed into its neighbor. A variety of large boulders are visible within the younger crater at top.
Datan Crater is featured in this scene from Ceres captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Datan is imprinted on the older Geshtin Crater, whose terrain fills the rest of the view.
Two adjoining craters on Ceres are featured in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. A lobe-shaped feature is prominent in the larger crater's interior. Bright material is visible at the intersection of the two craters.
The iconic bright spots of Occator Crater are seen up close in this image of Ceres. This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft reveals a central dome with linear features on and around it.
This image of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a crater near the dwarf planet's equator. The view is centered at approximately 6 degrees south latitude, 230 degrees east longitude.
Tupo Crater, named for a Polynesian god of turmeric, is featured in this view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. This impact feature is 22 miles (36 kilometers) in diameter and features a prominent central ridge of mountain.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft features the sharp rim of a steep-walled crater on Ceres.
Patches of bright material can be seen on the walls of a relatively fresh crater on Ceres in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft sees Occator Crater, home of the brightest area on Ceres, also has an intriguing rim. The jagged slopes of this basin, and linear features on its floor, contrast with the relatively smooth terrain around it.
This pair of craters is located in the northern hemisphere of Ceres as seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The wall of the older crater (lower of the two) has partially collapsed where it adjoins the rim of its younger neighbor.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a portion of Ceres known as Erntedank Planum, a broad plateau 345 miles (555 kilometers) wide. The terrain seen here lies just to the southeast of Occator Crater, home of Ceres' brightest region.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an area in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. At upper left, material from the rim of a fresher crater appears to have slumped into its neighbor.
This picture captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a crater in the southern hemisphere of Ceres with a complex of central peaks.
This picture captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a portion of the northern rim of Occator Crater, which measures 57 miles (92 kilometers) across and 2.5 miles (4 kilometers) deep.
This picture captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a crater that lies just north of Occator Crater, home of the brightest spots on Ceres. The northern rim of Occator, not visible here, is overprinted on the southern rim this crater.
This picture from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a crater in the northern hemisphere of Ceres with spurs of compacted material on its walls.
This Ceres scene captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an ancient crater wall that has been disrupted, possibly by a landslide.
This picture from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain on Ceres in which the rim of a more recent impact crater, at center, has partially collapsed into its adjacent neighbor, just below. Boulders are visible in and around the younger, smaller crater.
This picture from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a portion of the northeastern rim of Yalode Crater, one of the largest impact features on Ceres. A set of narrow, roughly parallel fractures can be seen at top center.
This picture from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows craters near the equator of Ceres. Faint patches and streaks of bright material can be seen in various parts of the scene. The two largest craters have streaks of material on their walls.
This picture from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows craters in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. The large crater at lower left displays several bright streaks on its walls.
This picture from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a network of canyon-like features near the center of Ezinu Crater on Ceres. Ezinu measures about 72 miles (116 kilometers) in diameter and was named for the Sumerian goddess of grain
This picture from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a crater within the floor of the Mondamin impact basin, which lies in the southern hemisphere of Ceres.
This image captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows small craters within Meanderi Crater on Ceres, which measures 64 miles (103 kilometers) in diameter.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Attis Crater on Ceres, which measures 14 miles (22 kilometers) in diameter. The long shadows in and around the crater reflect Attis's far-southern location.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the center of Datan Crater on Ceres. Datan measures about 40 miles (60 kilometers) in diameter.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the western rim of Azacca Crater on Ceres. A smaller impact feature sits on its flank. Of particular interest in this scene is the great number of small, bright spots, in the southern part of the image.
This image captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft features the shadowy rim of an unnamed crater on Ceres. The crater on the left appears relatively old, as its flanks are rugged and the crater density inside it is more or less uniform.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft of Ceres shows a small, double-impact crater (at bottom) near a larger crater. The larger structure has a crater floor with roughly the same crater density.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the rim of Occator crater, just east of the area containing the brightest spots on Ceres. The crater rim has collapsed, leaving structures geologists refer to as terraces.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows two medium-sized craters at high northern latitudes on Ceres.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft features a relatively fresh crater on Ceres with prominent spurs of compacted material and gullies along its rim. Boulders of a variety of sizes litter the crater's floor and the area around its rim.
Ceres' densely cratered landscape is revealed in this image taken by the framing camera aboard NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The craters show various degrees of degradation. The youngest craters have sharp rims.
Ceres' densely cratered landscape is revealed in this image taken by the framing camera aboard NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The craters show various degrees of degradation. The youngest craters have sharp rims.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft of Ceres shows a portion of a large crater with prominent spurs of compacted material and gullies along its rim.
This picture from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows two relatively fresh craters within older, highly cratered terrain on Ceres. The young crater at right shows some spurs of compacted material along its rim, as well as some bright streaks along its flanks.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Azacca Crater has a prominent set of north-south trending fractures. Its floor is relatively smooth and its rim has terraces descending toward its floor. Azacca was named for the Haitian god of agriculture.
Zadeni Crater, at 80 miles (128 kilometers) wide, is a prominent impact feature in the southern hemisphere of Ceres. This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain in Zadeni's interior, which hosts numerous smaller craters.
The rim of Hamori Crater on Ceres is seen in the upper right portion of this image, which was taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Hamori is located in the southern hemisphere of Ceres and measures 37 miles (60 kilometers) wide.
In this image of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, a younger, fresher crater lies to next to the older, larger crater named Messor. Messor, which is named for the Roman god of the harvesting and cutting of grain.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Sekhet Crater on Ceres has prominent shadows accentuating its central peak and mounds of material that have slumped downward from its walls.
Ernutet Crater is featured in this image from Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Ernutet was named for the Egyptian cobra-headed goddess of the harvest. The crater measures about 32 miles (52 kilometers) in diameter and is located in the northern hem
NASA's Dawn spacecraft spotted this pair of craters on Ceres on January 25, 2016. The crater at left is named Jaja, after the Abkhazian harvest goddess. Jaja Crater is 13 miles (21 kilometers) in diameter and is located in the northern hemisphere.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain within Chaminuka Crater on Ceres. Chaminuka was named for the spirit who provides rains during times of drought, according to the legends of the Shona people of Zimbabwe.
Omonga Crater on Ceres was named for a rice spirit who dwells in the moon, according to legends of the Mori people of the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. NASA's Dawnspacecraft spotted Omonga from above the surface.
Achita Crater on Ceres was named for the Nigerian god of agriculture. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image of the crater on January 15, 2016. Achita is located in the northern hemisphere.
Terrain seen in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft is in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. A sharp cliff separates Dada Crater, the smaller crater at top center, from Roskva Crater, the larger crater at left.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Oxo Crater is unique because of the relatively large 'slump' in its crater rim.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took images of Haulani Crater at a distance of 240 miles (385 kilometers) from the surface of Ceres.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a scene from the northern hemisphere of Ceres, north of Occator Crater, which is home of the brightest area on the dwarf planet.
Shadows cast a dark mood on this scene from Ceres, near the dwarf planet's north pole in this image acquired by NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a fresh crater among older terrain on Ceres, typical of the terrain of the dwarf planet.
The rim of Ezinu Crater is seen in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
The center of Ezinu Crater on Ceres is seen in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. The crater features a network of canyon-like features. Ezinu measures about 72 miles (116 kilometers) in diameter and was named for the Sumerian goddess of grain.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a portion of Ertedank Planum, a large, generally flat area in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. Ejecta from a nearby impact has smoothed older features in this scene.
Ninsar Crater, in the northern hemisphere of Ceres, is seen this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Ninsar was named for a Sumerian goddess of plants and vegetation.
Tupo Crater, named for a Polynesian god of turmeric, is shown at upper left in this view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Just below the crater, a line of narrow troughs parallels the rim of Tupo.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows cratered terrain typical of Ceres, with a small bright crater highlighting the scene at lower right.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows two relatively young craters superimposed on a larger, older impact feature. The smaller craters have streaks of bright material on their walls.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a portion of Mondamin Crater, an impact feature 78 miles (126 kilometers) in diameter, in the southern hemisphere of Ceres.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the rim of a crater near the south pole of Ceres, taken on Feb. 8, 2016.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft features a smooth-walled impact crater in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. The view is centered at approximately 65 degrees north latitude, 155 degrees east longitude.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a sinuous canyon in the southern hemisphere of Ceres, south of Yalode Crater.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an area in mid-southern latitudes on Ceres. The crater named Juling (12 miles, 20 kilometers wide) is seen at lower right. Bright material is visible along its upper walls.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a moderate-sized impact feature that is imprinted upon the southern rim of Mondamin Crater. Boulders of various sizes can be seen around the crater's rim and on the sunlit part of its floor.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft flys over dwarf planet Ceres which Dawn has been orbiting for mre than a year, providing us with fascinating views of an alien world.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an impact site at high southern latitude on Ceres. A smooth blanket of ejecta surrounds the crater. Many boulders can be seen around the crater's rim and on the sunlit part of its floor.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the southeastern rim of Occator Crater. Compacted material forms spurs along the crater wall. A group of roughly parallel, braided fractures can be seen on the crater floor at top center.
This frame from a movie shows that the brightest area on Ceres, located in Occator Crater, was one of the last features to be imaged as NASA's Dawn progressively built its map.
The bright central spots near the center of Occator Crater are shown in enhanced color in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Such views can be used to highlight subtle color differences on Ceres' surface.
The map is a Mercator projection and has a resolution of 460 feet (140 meters) per pixel. The images used to make this map were taken from Dawn's high-altitude mapping orbit (HAMO), at a distance of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers) from Ceres.
Ceres' Haulani Crater is shown in these views from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. These views reveal variations in the region's brightness, mineralogy and temperature at infrared wavelengths.
Ceres' Haulani Crater is shown in these views from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. These views reveal variations in the region's brightness, mineralogy and temperature at infrared wavelengths.
This global map elliptical map from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the surface of Ceres in enhanced color, encompassing infrared wavelengths beyond human visual range. Some areas near the poles are black where Dawn's color imaging coverage is incomplete.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a variety of small craters in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. The majority of Ceres images from Dawn show heavily cratered terrains such as this.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows mountainous terrain along the rim of Ikapati Crater, located in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. The scene is lightly cratered, mostly by small impacts.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern rim of Jarovit Crater in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. Compacted material forms spurs along the upper part of the crater wall, near the center of the image.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows cratered terrain in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. The large crater in the scene appears quite ancient.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows unnamed craters high in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. A bright patch of material can be seen on the upper wall of the large crater (near the lower left corner of the view).
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a scene located at mid-latitudes in the southern hemisphere of Ceres. The view features a portion of a crater between the large impact features Urvara and Yalode.
These color topographic views from NASA's Dawn spacecraft show variations in surface height around Ahuna Mons, a mysterious mountain on Ceres.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a small patch of bright material close to the northern rim of the giant crater Yalode, seen at lower left. Yalode is one of the largest impact basins on Ceres.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an unnamed Cerean crater that is surrounded by a smooth blanket of ejecta, including bright material. Both the area around the crater and its floor are peppered with giant boulders.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image of unnamed craters in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. The crater at left displays rough spurs of compacted material along its lower edge, while the rest of its rim appears much smoother.
Heavily-shadowed craters in the northernmost latitudes of Ceres are seen in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on Jan. 25, 2016.
This side-perspective view of Ceres' mysterious mountain Ahuna Mons was made with images from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Dawn took these images in December 2015.
Ceres' mysterious mountain Ahuna Mons is seen in this mosaic of images from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken in December 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the rim of Ikapati Crater on Ceres. The rough features around the rim of this impact scar give way to smoother, lightly cratered terrain in the lower half of the image.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows Ikapati Crater with its complex of central peaks on Ceres. Several groupings of roughly parallel fractures are present in smooth areas of the crater floor.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained this view of Azacca Crater on Ceres. The rim of this crater has terraces descending from its rim down to its floor. The crater's floor is relatively free of large impact scars and is named for the Haitian god of agriculture
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the southwestern rim of Sintana Crater. The inside of the crater shows a hummocky surface.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows part of the crater named Sekhet on Ceres. Prominent shadows within the crater highlight Sekhet's central peak and mounds of material that have slumped downward from its walls.
The view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows an unnamed crater that lies in the northeast part of the larger impact feature Gaue. The area is dominated by small craters and is relatively smooth in general.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the Cerean terrain. The crater in the upper left corner displays smooth, relatively crater-free walls and small spurs of compacted material.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured this view of a region in the mid-southern latitudes of Ceres. The largest crater in the scene is Fluusa. Fluusa has a densely cratered floor and therefore is interpreted as an old impact feature.
This image of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft was taken at an oblique viewing angle relative to the surface. The crater to the upper right is named Juling which displays prominent spurs of compacted material along its walls.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a fresh impact crater with an asymmetric rim. The crater displays a sharp rim over much of its perimeter that is interrupted by a smooth area in the north.
This scene from Ceres, captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows an older crater (at top center) that has been blanketed by impact ejecta from the younger crater to its right.
This scene from Ceres, captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows an older crater (at top center) that has been blanketed by impact ejecta from the younger crater to its right.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the interior of the crater Datan, which is superimposed on the northwestern rim of the larger crater Geshtin. The area at right, above the rim of Datan, is within Geshtin.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a knobby surface on Ceres. The region is adjacent to the giant impact crater Urvara.
This ancient crater on Ceres displays a flattened floor and a low, rounded central peak. NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured the scene on Jan. 2, 2016.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a densely cratered region within Meanderi Crater on Ceres. Elongated craters in the wall of the largest impact feature are likely the result of material slumping down the crater walls.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the heavily cratered rim of an older, unnamed impact feature on Ceres. The crater density is almost the same inside and outside, and its wall is also quite battered by impacts.
This image, taken by the framing camera aboard NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows several unnamed craters superimposed upon one another. The low sun angle enhances the topography of this densely cratered region.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the western rim of Occator Crater. Several small, bright patches of material can be seen along the rim.
The image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the northeast rim of Sintana Crater on Ceres. The crater's steep rim is shadowed in this particular view.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Jan. 1, 2016, shows two relatively young, fresh craters on Ceres. Large blocks of ejected material fell near the rims of the craters and onto the floor of the larger crater.
Tupo Crater on Ceres is seen in this view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft. This crater, located in the southern hemisphere of Ceres, was named for a Polynesian god of turmeric. Dawn captured the scene on Dec. 24, 2015.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a crater in the southern hemisphere of Ceres with a prominent central peak. The image is centered at approximately 63 degrees south latitude, 143 degrees east longitude. Dawn captured the scene on Dec. 24, 2015.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft captures the northern rim of Toharu Crater on Ceres. Dawn captured the scene on Dec. 24, 2015 from its low-altitude mapping orbit (LAMO), at an approximate altitude of 240 miles (385 kilometers) above Ceres.
This view captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a section of Jarimba Crater on Ceres. A portion of the crater rim near top center appears much sharper, with smoother walls, than elsewhere.
This frame is from a simulated flight of NASA's Dawn over Ceres which emphasizes the most prominent craters, as well as the mountain Ahuna Mons.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft captures a portion of Ceres near the equator, including a crater surrounded by bright material. The image is centered at approximately 2.5 degrees south latitude, 112 degrees east longitude.
This moody scene from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Dec. 23, 2015, captures a portion of the southern hemisphere of Ceres. The image is centered at approximately 64 degrees south latitude, 291 degrees east longitude.
This view from NASA's captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Dec. 21,2015, shows the central complex of mountain peaks within Dantu Crater on Ceres. A patch of bright material is visible near lower right.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured on Dec. 21, 2015 shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of Ceres. Bright material can be seen in the wall of the large crater at upper right.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured this portion of the southern hemisphere of Ceres on Dec. 20, 2015. The image is centered at approximately 46 degrees south latitude, 101 degrees east longitude.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft captures the southeast rim of Dantu Crater. Bright material can be seen in some places along the walls. A network of fractures in the crater floor is visible at upper right.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft captures gently curving canyons amid cratered plains on Ceres. The image is centered at approximately 31 degrees south latitude, 259 degrees east longitude, just north of the large crater Urvara.
Flecks of bright material can be seen in this image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Dawn took this image on Dec. 19, 2015, at an approximate altitude of 240 miles (385 kilometers) above Ceres.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured this image of unnamed craters in the southern hemisphere of Ceres on Dec. 18, 2015. The image is centered at approximately 45 degrees south latitude, 325 degrees east longitude.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured this image on Dec. 18, 2015 of unnamed craters near the equator of Ceres. The image is centered at approximately 4 degrees south latitude, 350 degrees east longitude.
This view of the Cerean crater Victa was captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Dec. 19, 2015. The steep-walled crater is approximately 19 miles (30 kilometers) in diameter, and was named for the Roman goddess of food and nourishment.
This Cerean crater, which is covered in ridges and steep slopes, called scarps, was captured by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Dec. 23, 2015. These features likely resulted when the crater partly collapsed during its formation.
The fractured floor of Dantu Crater on Ceres is seen in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Dec. 21, 2015. Similar fractures are seen in Tycho, one of the youngest large craters on Earth's moon.
Kupalo Crater, taken Dec. 21, 2016 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows one of the youngest craters on Ceres. The crater has bright material exposed on its rim and walls, which could be salts. Its flat floor likely formed from impact melt and debris.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken Dec. 19, 2015, shows part of Messor Crater, at northern mid-latitudes on Ceres. The scene shows an older crater in which a large lobe-shaped flow partly covers the northern (top) part of the crater floor.
This view of Ezinu Crater on Ceres was taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Oct. 19, 2015. Ezinu is the large crater in the top left corner of the image and contains a canyon-like feature near its center.
This view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows Tupo Crater (22 miles, 36 kilometers wide), at upper left, with its sharp rim and prominent central peak.
This image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows terrain in the southern hemisphere within the large crater called Yalode. The prominent crater at top-right is called Lono. The crater directly below it is called Besua.
This image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows Sintana Crater (36 miles, 58 kilometers wide) at top, just right of center. The rim of a large crater called Zadeni (80 miles, 128 kilometers wide), is seen at the bottom of the image.
This image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows cratered terrain at high northern latitudes. Ghanan Crater is seen at upper-right. A distinctive flow feature extends into the crater from its northern rim.
This view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows cratered terrain located immediately to the west of the intriguing mountain feature called Ahuna Mons.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft includes Haulani, a relatively fresh crater 19 miles (31 kilometers) in diameter. The interior of Haulani shows landslides from its crater rim, along with smooth material and a central ridge on its crater floor.
Part of the southern hemisphere on dwarf planet Ceres is seen in this image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Hamori crater, named after a Japanese god and protector of tree leaves, is the large crater near the center of the image.
These views of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on December 10, show an area in the southern part of the southern hemisphere of the dwarf planet.
These views of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on December 10, 2015, shows an area in the southern mid-latitudes of the dwarf planet. They are located around a crater chain called Gerber Catena.
This view of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on December 10, 2015, shows an area in the southern mid-latitudes of the dwarf planet.
This view of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on December 10, 2015, shows an area in the southern mid-latitudes of the dwarf planet. It is located in an area around a crater chain called Samhain Catena.
Part of the southern hemisphere on dwarf planet Ceres is seen in this image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. This left side of the image shows the eastern rim of Urvara crater.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft taken on Oct. 18, 2015, from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers), shows Toharu crater (55 miles or 88 kilometers wide) at lower right.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured this scene, showing southern mid-latitudes on Ceres, on Oct. 18, 2015, from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). It has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft captured this view of mid-latitudes on Ceres on Oct. 18, 2015, from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This view, captured on Oct. 18, 2015 from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers) by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows northern mid-latitudes on Ceres, including a small impact crater surrounded by bright material.
This image, taken on Oct. 6, 2015 from NASA's Dawn mission, shows the 52-mile-wide (84 kilometer-wide) crater on Ceres named Gaue. This medium-sized basin has a relatively fresh rim with terraced walls and a smooth floor.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows high northern latitudes on Ceres. Dawn acquired the image on Oct. 17, 2015, from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). It has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This map of Ceres, made from images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the locations of about 130 bright areas across the dwarf planet's surface, highlighted in blue. Most of these bright areas are associated with craters.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, taken on Oct. 17, 2015, from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers), shows southern mid-latitudes on Ceres, including a relatively fresh crater near upper left.
A group of scientists from NASA's Dawn mission suggests that when sunlight reaches Ceres' Occator Crater, a kind of thin haze of dust and evaporating water forms there. Occator measures about 60 miles (90 kilometers) wide.
This false color image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft of Ceres' Occator Crater shows differences in surface composition. The color blue is generally associated with bright material seems to be consistent with salts, such as sulfates.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft features a crater named Oxo, which is about 6 miles (9 kilometers) in diameter. A short, linear slump, where a mass of material has dropped below the surface, is seen to the left of Oxo's crater rim.
Part of the southern hemisphere on dwarf planet Ceres is seen in this image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Two prominent, similarly sized craters (at left) demonstrate how impact features become degraded over time.
This view shows the southwestern rim of 106-mile-wide (170-kilometer-wide) Urvara crater on Ceres.In the crater's center is a prominent double peak. NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained the image on Oct. 15, 2015.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows different types of terrain located side by side on Ceres: a smooth terrain at right with numerous small impact craters, and a less-cratered, hummocky terrain at left.
One of the most intriguing features on Ceres, Occator crater, is seen in this oblique view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft and is home to the brightest areas on Ceres. Dawn took this image on Oct. 18, 2015.
This view from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the rim of the large impact feature named Yalode in the southern mid-latitudes on dwarf planet Ceres. Linear, roughly parallel features are visible in the crater wall.
This atlas of Ceres was created using images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft in June 2015. Researchers used 12,000 points on Ceres to construct a terrain model, which served as the basis for other maps.
The tall, cone-shaped mountain Ahuna Mons is seen in this image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Ahuna Mons taken on Oct. 14, 2015.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows the dramatic-looking crater named Haulani on Ceres.
The terraced rim of the large crater named Urvara can be seen at the upper left in this view from Ceres. This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows terrain in the southern hemisphere of the dwarf planet.
This image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows cratered terrain in the northern hemisphere of Ceres. Ikapati crater (top) appears with several flat plains filled by flows, smooth material and ejecta from the crater interior.
This image of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows hummocky terrain -- a surface covered in low, rounded hills -- with numerous impact craters of varying sizes.
This view of Ceres from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows a fresh impact crater with a flat floor. The crater is surrounded by smooth, flow-like ejecta that covers adjacent older impact craters. The crater is about 16 miles (26 kilometers) in diameter.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, displays a linear structure trending from northeast to southwest (lower left to upper right). The graben might be interpreted as a chain of collapsed pits or secondary craters.
Dantu crater on Ceres, seen in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft at left, reveals structures hinting at tectonic processes that formed the dwarf planet's surface. Linear structures are spread over the crater floor.
This image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a giant, ancient impact crater with smaller craters in its interior. The large crater shows partial terracing on its southeast rim, whereas the north part is almost fully degraded.
This image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows three prominent craters located to the northeast of a terrace (the terrace feature being located at left in this image).
The largest feature in this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft is Geshtin crater, which is superposed (located on top of) by the younger Datan crater. On its upper-left rim, Datan is superposed by a smaller, even younger unnamed crater.
This image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a 23-mile-wide (37 kilometer-wide) crater called Tupo, which features a curved central peak complex and terraces.
Numerous linear crater chains on Ceres dominate this image from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, which is centered at approximately 20 degrees north latitude, 198 degrees east longitude.
The craters in the image, taken Oct. 1, 2015 from NASA's Dawn spacecraft, are characterized by different degrees of freshness, reflecting different ages. The sharply defined crater to right of center is named Takel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers) around mid-latitudes. The unusual mountain Ahuna Mons is featured here.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres at mid-latitudes from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 29, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). Featured here is Dantu crater, named for the Ghanan god associated with the planting of corn.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). Urvara crater, named for the Indian and Iranian deity of plants and fields, is featured.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 22, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 22, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). Jarovit crater, named for the Slavic god of fertility and harvest, is seen at lower left.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). Zadeni crater is named for the ancient Georgian god of bountiful harvest.
This mosaic shows Ceres' Occator crater and surrounding terrain from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers), as seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Occator is 60 miles (90 kilometers) across and 2 miles (4 kilometers) deep.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres at mid-latitudes from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 21, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 21, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 21, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres at mid-latitudes, from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 21, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 21, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 20, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). Toharu crater, named for the Pawnee god of food and vegetation, can be seen at left.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on Sept. 20, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Sept. 20, 2015, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers), and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on September 20, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on August 23, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on September 15, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on September 14, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on September 9, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on September 9, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on September 9, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on September 9, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on August 24, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on August 22, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This view, made using images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, features a tall conical mountain on Ceres. Elevations span a range of about 5 miles (8 kilometers) from the lowest places in this region to the highest terrains.
These views, made using images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, are color-coded topographic maps of Occator crater on Ceres. Blue is the lowest elevation, and brown is the highest.
This color-coded map from NASA's Dawn mission shows the highs and lows of topography on the surface of dwarf planet Ceres. It is labeled with names of features approved by the International Astronomical Union.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on August 21, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on August 21, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image was taken on August 21, 2015, and has a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 27, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 27, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 27, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 26, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 26, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 26, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 25, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 24, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 24, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the surface of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 24, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This still from an animation, made using images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, features a color-coded topographic map of Occator crater on Ceres.
This still from an animation, made using images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows Occator crater on Ceres, home to a collection of intriguing bright spots.
This image, made using images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows Occator crater on Ceres, home to a collection of intriguing bright spots.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of Ceres at mid-latitudes from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 915 miles (1,470 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel, was taken on August 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows high southern latitudes on Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). Zadeni crater, measuring about 80 miles (130 kilometers) across, is on the right side of the image.
NASA's Dawn Spacecraft took this image of Gaue crater, the large crater on the bottom, on Ceres. Gaue is a Germanic goddess to whom offerings are made in harvesting rye. The resolution of the image is 450 feet (140 meters) per pixel.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image that shows a mountain ridge, near lower left, that lies in the center of Urvara crater on Ceres. Urvara is an Indian and Iranian deity of plants and fields. The crater's diameter is 101 miles (163 kilometers).
This image, taken on June 25, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the bright spots of Occator crater on Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 6, 2015, features a tall mountain on Ceres that is 4 miles (6 kilometers) high -- among the tallest features seen on Ceres to date.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, features a crater at lower right with a sharp rim and bright material on its walls. The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 6, 2015.
This image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, features several craters with bright material within and around them. The image is centered on terrain near the equator of Ceres and faces southeast.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers).
This map of Ceres, constructed from data collected by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the dwarf planet's surface with features that have been named as of August 14, 2015.
This image, taken on June 7, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The crater at the lower left is called Toharu, which is 54 miles (87 kilometers) wide.
This image, taken on June 6, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). A mountain can be seen on the left. The western edge of Haulani crater can be seen on the upper right at the limb.
This image, taken on June 6, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a mountain on Ceres at center-left that is 4 miles (6 kilometers) high, from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken June 6, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows Haulani crater on Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel. North on Ceres is toward upper right.
This image, taken on June 9, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows Dantu crater on Ceres, at upper right, from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). North on Ceres is toward upper right.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 25, 2015, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This frame from a video shows the bright spots in Occator crater on dwarf planet Ceres, generated from data from NASA's Dawn spacecraft.
Among the highest features seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Ceres so far is a mountain about 4 miles (6 kilometers) high, which is roughly the elevation of Mount McKinley in Alaska's Denali National Park.
This frame from an animation from NASA's Dawn spacecraft shows intriguing bright spots on Ceres lie in a crater named Occator, which is about 60 miles (90 kilometers) across and 2 miles (4 kilometers) deep.
This image of Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, features a large, steep-sided mountain and several intriguing bright spots. The mountain's height is estimated to be about 4 miles (6 kilometers). It is the highest point seen on Ceres so far.
This image, taken on June 25, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres. The large crater with a central peak at bottom is Zadeni crater.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 24, 2015, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 25, 2015, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers).
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 24, 2015, shows cratered terrain near the day-night line, called the terminator, on dwarf planet Ceres.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere on dwarf planet Ceres on June 24, 2015. The largest crater in this image, in the lower right quadrant, is called Ezinu. It is 75 miles (120 kilometers) across.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 24, 2015, shows Dantu crater on dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers); Dantu crater as small patches of bright material sprinkled around it.
This image, from NASA's Dawn's visible and infrared mapping spectrometer (VIR), highlights a bright region on Ceres known as Haulani, named after the Hawaiian plant goddess.
This color-coded map from NASA's Dawn mission shows the highs and lows of topography on the surface of dwarf planet Ceres. It is labeled with names of features approved by the International Astronomical Union.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows the brightest spots on dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 24, 2015.
This image, taken on June 25, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers), with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken on June 25, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers), with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 25, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 25, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 24, 2015.
<p>This artist concept shows NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft above dwarf planet Ceres, as seen in images from the mission.</p>
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 25, 2015
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 25, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 24, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 24, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 24, 2015
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 21, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 22, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 18, 2015.
This image, taken on June 17, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel. A bright area called 'Spot 1' can be seen in this image.
This image, taken on June 22, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken on June 18, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) -- a mountain 3 miles (5 kilometers) high, surrounded by relatively smooth terrain, can be seen here.
This image, taken on June 18, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) -- a mountain 3 miles (5 kilometers) high, surrounded by relatively smooth terrain, can be seen here.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 16, 2015, shows a portion of the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers), with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This image of dwarf planet Ceres, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 15, 2015, shows a cluster of mysterious spots that are clearly brighter than their surroundings. Dawn took this image at an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers).
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 10, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 9, 2015.
The north pole of Ceres can be seen in this image taken on June 9, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 7, 2015.
A cluster of mysterious bright spots on dwarf planet Ceres can be seen in this image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 9, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 14, 2015, shows an intriguing mountain on dwarf planet Ceres protruding from a relatively smooth area.
A variety of craters and other geological features can be found on dwarf planet Ceres. NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image of Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers) on June 5, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 6, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 9, 2015.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image on June 6, 2015, which includes an intriguing pyramid-shaped mountain protruding from a relatively smooth area in the upper right.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 6, 2015.
This image, taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, shows dwarf planet Ceres from an altitude of 2,700 miles (4,400 kilometers). The image, with a resolution of 1,400 feet (410 meters) per pixel, was taken on June 6, 2015.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 22, 2015, from a distance of 3,200 miles (5,100 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,600 feet (480 meters) per pixel.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 22, 2015, from a distance of 3,200 miles (5,100 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,600 feet (480 meters) per pixel.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 22, 2015, from a distance of 3,200 miles (5,100 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,600 feet (480 meters) per pixel.
Images from Dawn's visible and infrared mapping spectrometer (VIR) show a portion of Ceres' cratered northern hemisphere, taken on May 16, 2015.
Craters in the northern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres are seen in this image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 6, 2015.
A large crater in the southern hemisphere of dwarf planet Ceres is seen in this image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 6, 2015.
The brightest spots on dwarf planet Ceres are seen in this image taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on June 6, 2015.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 22, 2015, from a distance of 3,200 miles (5,100 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,600 feet (480 meters) per pixel.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 22, 2015, from a distance of 3,200 miles (5,100 kilometers) with a resolution of 1,600 feet (480 meters) per pixel.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 7, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 7, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 7, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 7, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 7, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 5 and 6, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 4, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 23, 2015, from a distance of 3,169 miles (5,100 kilometers). Resolution in the image is about 1,565 feet (477 meters) per pixel.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on April 29, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 1, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 16, 2015, from a distance of 4,500 miles (7,200 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 16, 2015, from a distance of 4,500 miles (7,200 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 16, 2015, from a distance of 4,500 miles (7,200 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on April 29, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on April 29, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on April 29, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 4, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 4, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 4, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 4, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
In this closest-yet view of Ceres, the brightest spots within a crater in the northern hemisphere are revealed to be composed of many smaller spots. This frame is from an animation of sequences taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 4, 2015.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on May 4, 2015, from a distance of 8,400 miles (13,600 kilometers).
This 3-D anaglyph of Ceres is part of a sequence of images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers).
This anaglyph of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers). You need 3-D glasses to view this image.
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers).
This image of Ceres is part of a sequence taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers).
This anaglyph of Ceres is part of a sequence of images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft April 24 to 26, 2015, from a distance of 8,500 miles (13,500 kilometers). 3-D glasses are needed to view this image.
This frame from an animated sequence of images shows northern terrain on the sunlit side of dwarf planet Ceres as seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on April 14 and 15, 2015.
This frame from an animation shows the north pole of dwarf planet Ceres as seen by the Dawn spacecraft on April 10, 2015. Dawn was at a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000 kilometers) when its framing camera took these images.
These images, from Dawn's visible and infrared mapping spectrometer (VIR), highlight two regions on Ceres containing bright spots. The top images show a region scientists have labeled '1' while the region labeled '5' is shown in the bottom images.
This map-projected view of Ceres was created from images taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft during its initial approach to the dwarf planet, prior to being captured into orbit in March 2015.
The slim crescent of Ceres smiles back as the dwarf planet awaits the arrival of an emissary from Earth. This image was taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on March 1, 2015.
The slim crescent of Ceres smiles back as the dwarf planet awaits the arrival of an emissary from Earth. This image was taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on March 1, 2015, just a few days before it achieved orbit around the previously unexplored world.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft took this image of dwarf planet Ceres from about 25,000 miles (40,000 kilometers) away on Feb. 25, 2015. Ceres appears half in shadow because of the current position of the spacecraft relative to the dwarf planet and the sun.
Some might see a pancake, and others a sand dollar, in this new image from NASA's Dawn mission. Astronomers are puzzling over a mysterious large circular feature located south of the equator and slightly to the right of center in this view.
The surface of Ceres is covered with craters of many shapes and sizes, as seen in this frame from an animation of a map of the dwarf planet's surface as seen by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Feb. 19, 2015.
The surface of Ceres is covered with craters of many shapes and sizes, as seen in this new mosaic of the dwarf planet comprised of images taken by NASA's Dawn mission on Feb. 19, 2015 from a distance of nearly 29,000 miles (46,000 kilometers).
<p>This artist&#39;s concept shows NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft arriving at the dwarf planet Ceres. Dawn travels through space using a technology called ion propulsion, with ions glowing with blue light are accelerated out of an engine, giving the spacecraft thrust.</p>
<p>This artist&#39;s concept shows NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft arriving at the dwarf planet Ceres, the most massive body in the asteroid belt. Dawn is the first mission to visit a dwarf planet.</p>
Ceres rotates in this frame from a movie comprised of images taken by NASA's Dawn mission during its approach to the dwarf planet. The images were taken on Feb. 19, 2015, from a distance of nearly 29,000 miles (46,000 kilometers).
This image was taken by NASA's Dawn spacecraft of dwarf planet Ceres on Feb. 19 from a distance of nearly 29,000 miles (46,000 kilometers). It shows that the brightest spot on Ceres has a dimmer companion, which apparently lies in the same basin.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft obtained these uncropped images of dwarf planet Ceres on Feb. 19, 2015, from a distance of about 29,000 miles (46,000 kilometers). The images show the full range of different crater shapes that can be found at Ceres' surface.
These images of dwarf planet Ceres, processed to enhance clarity, were taken on Feb. 19, 2015, from a distance of about 29,000 miles (46,000 kilometers), by NASA's Dawn spacecraft. Dawn observed Ceres completing one full rotation, lasting about nine hours
These two views of Ceres were acquired by NASA's Dawn spacecraft on Feb. 12, 2015, from a distance of about 52,000 miles (83,000 kilometers) as the dwarf planet rotated. The images have been magnified from their original size.
In this image, dwarf planet Ceres is seen on Feb. 4, 2015, from a distance of about 90,000 miles (145,000 kilometers). NASA's Dawn spacecraft is due to arrive at Ceres on March 6, 2015.
This still from an animation showcases a series of images NASA's Dawn spacecraft took on approach to Ceres on Feb. 4, 2015 at a distance of about 90,000 miles (145,000 kilometers) from the dwarf planet.
This still from an animation showcases a series of images NASA's Dawn spacecraft took on approach to Ceres on Feb. 4, 2015 at a distance of about 90,000 miles (145,000 kilometers) from the dwarf planet.
This image is one several images NASA's Dawn spacecraft took on approach to Ceres on Feb. 4, 2015 at a distance of about 90,000 miles (145,000 kilometers) from the dwarf planet.
This is a frame from an animation showcasing a series of images NASA's Dawn spacecraft took on approach to Ceres on Feb. 4, 2015 at a distance of about 90,000 miles (145,000 kilometers) from the dwarf planet.
This image depicts the dwarf planet Ceres, as seen from the Dawn spacecraft. It was taken 147,000 miles (237,000 kilometers) from Ceres on January 25, 2015, is part of a series of views representing the best look so far at the dwarf planet.
This image, taken 147,000 miles (237,000 kilometers) from Ceres on January 25, 2015 by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, is part of a series of views representing the best look so far at the dwarf planet.
This frame from an animation of the dwarf planet Ceres was made by combining images taken by the Dawn spacecraft on January 25, 2015. These images of Ceres, and they represent the highest-resolution views to date of the dwarf planet.
In this image, taken January 13, 2015, NASA's Dawn spacecraft captures the dwarf planet Ceres in both visible and infrared light. The infrared image, right, serves as a temperature map of Ceres, where white is warmer and red is colder.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft as it observed Ceres for an hour from a distance of 238,000 miles.
This processed image, taken Jan. 13, 2015, shows the dwarf planet Ceres as seen from the Dawn spacecraft. The image hints at craters on the surface of Ceres. Dawn's framing camera took this image at 238,000 miles (383,000 kilometers) from Ceres.
This is a raw image, taken Jan. 13, 2015, showing the dwarf planet Ceres as seen from the Dawn spacecraft on its approach. Dawn's framing camera took this image at 238,000 miles (383,000 kilometers) from Ceres.
As the Dawn spacecraft flies through space toward the dwarf planet Ceres, the unexplored world appears to its camera as a bright light in the distance, full of possibility for scientific discovery.
From about three times the distance from Earth to the moon, NASA's Dawn spacecraft spies its final destination -- the dwarf planet Ceres.
<p>This graphic shows the planned trek of NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft from its launch in 2007 through its arrival at the dwarf planet Ceres in early 2015.</p>
<p>This artist&#39;s concept shows NASA&#39;s Dawn spacecraft heading toward the dwarf planet Ceres. When Dawn arrives, it will be the first spacecraft to go into orbit around two destinations in our solar system beyond Earth.</p>
NASA's Dawn spacecraft will be getting an up-close look at the dwarf planet Ceres starting in late March or the beginning of April 2015. This graphic shows the science-gathering orbits planned for the spacecraft.
